So now we went over getUser as well as CreateUser.
Let's look at one more API here, addToCart.
Again, the process is the same.
We have the CartController,
we create the endpoint with /API,
but this is the exact path /api/cart.
Then I am using this particular API in order to add to cart.
You can go through this code and you would be able to understand this code
because this is just a simple Spring Boot application
and all the different components must have been taught to you in the previous course.
So this is a good exercise for you to understand the in-depth,
the details as well.
Let's go to the postman again.
So now I have addToCart,
it's a post request.
So it will take a body. I have already created this body.
I mentioned in addToCart before in the API that it
takes a username and itemId, and the quantity.
This is what I would use in order to add to my cart.
So one item whose id is one and the quantity is one.
When I send this,
I got a 200 okay response again.
Let me pull this up.
So in the response as you see,
I have a list of items and I have the user associated with it,
which is me with an id one and this is the total.
Plain and simple. So we have added an item to
the cart and let's look at submitting this cart.
So the API for that is submit an order.
Let's look at the IntelliJ part for that.
Here is the OrderController.
As you see, the endpoint that I can create from this,
the RequestMapping is /api/order and the PostMapping is submit with username.
This is inside the curly braces,
which means that I need to replace the actual value in this placeholder.
So let's look at how this is going to look.
So now we have localhost:8080/api/order/submit.
This is my username,
so that's what I added at the end.
Now let's look at what this would do.
We have already added items to the cart and I'm going to click "Send".
This is also returning a 200 okay.
So let me show you what the response looks like over here.
As you see, there is an item id and the id is three,
which means that before this there were two other ids that exist,
and there is a list of item which is round widget here.
There is a user that is associated with this and the total price.
So that is a response to this submit API,
which means that we have successfully submitted the cart and placed the order.